How did viewing a diff between two verions of a file help yousee the bug that was introduced?
1. Version control can help find differences in files but really has no ability to check logic

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
1. You can go back to working code if need something quickly and you have broke the code
2. You can save files when areas of code have changed and document the changes

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit. like you do in Git vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
1.Pros: you can break down your commits into logical blocks
2.Cons: you might forget to commit or have more than one logical function

Why do you think some version control systems,like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
1. Program files tend to have several interelated files while documents tend to be independent

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
1. git log provies a log of all the commits to the respository with a comment included as to what was changed (author, date and commit ID)
2. git diff porvides the difference between two commits

How might using version ontrol make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
1. Given you can easily go back to code prior to potentially bad changes it removes the barrier from trying a number of approaches 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
1. Seeing how well and convenient it is to make changes and revert back on code

Commands:
git diff (compare two commits, printing each line that is present in one commit but not the other)
git clone (make a copy of an entire Git repository, including the history, onto your own computer)
git checkout (temporarily reset all files in a directory to their state at the time of a specific commit)
git log (show the commits made in this respository starting with the most recent)
git init (creates a respository)
git status (shows what files have changed since the last commit)
git add $FILE_NAME (adds files to the staging area so that when a commit is run these files are included)